{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Consolidated Notes
\f1\b0 \
\

\f0\b To Do:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 - experiments
\f1 \

\f0 - fix url cache
\f1 \

\f0 - add lru to old code
\f1 \

\f0 - ensuring freshness
\f1 \

\f0 - Create graphs from data collected (morn, after, eve)
\f1 \

\f0 - find actual cache size for mobile phone
\f1 \

\f0 - add eviction strategies
\f1 \

\f0 - collect data from existing simulator
\f1 \

\f0 -update readme
\f1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720

\f0\b \cf0 Older ToDo
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720

\f2\b \cf0 461:
\b0  How do we redirect our browser to go through the proxy?
\f1 \

\f2\b Simulation2:
\b0  Set user agent. Gzip. Check expiration time. Advantages: improves latency. Tradeoff: space vs. network.
\f1 \

\f2 	Morning, evening, afternoon.
\f1 \

\f2 	Take advantage of additional information.
\f1 \

\f2\b Check
\b0  general cache sizes for mobile and proxy
\f1 \

\f2\b For each file:
\b0  include url, expiration. 
\f1 \

\f2\b Tradeoff: 
\b0 # of bytes vs FP size
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3 \cf0  1.	
\f2 1.	Mobile checks cache for url and expiration date
\f1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3  2.	
\f2 2.	Mobile gives proxy the header
\f1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3  3.	
\f2 3.	Proxy checks cache for url and expiration date
\f1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3  4.	
\f2 4.	Proxy saves info in file and calls networked client. 
\f1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3  5.	
\f2 5.	Client makes a request to networked server and gets response and stores as file. 
\f1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3  6.	
\f2 6.	Proxy then sends uses the information in the response file. 
\f1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3  7.	
\f2 7.	Proxy takes the response and chunks and stores it in the cache.
\f1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3  8.	
\f2 8.	Proxy responds to mobile.
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri720
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3 \cf0  1.	
\f2 1.	Get offline data with amazon with client and server proxy and see how it compares to current data.
\f1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3  2.	
\f2 2.	Get offline data with browser and server proxy and see how it compares to current data.
\f1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\

\f0\b Experiments
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 1. chunking vs non chunking
\f1 \

\f0 2. webpage vs no webpage
\f1 \

\f0 3. different types of caches
\f1 \

\f0 4. Different chunk sizes
\f1 \

\f0 5. fps misrate vs chunk/byte missrate
\f1 \

\f0 6. Bytes transferred
\f1 \

\f0 7. multiple mobiles
\f1 \

\f0 8. collected data
\f1 \

\f0 9. different cache types
\f1 \

\f0 10. different chunk sizes
\f1 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720

\f0\b \cf0 presentation
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b demo:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 networked
\f1 \

\f0 	cnn links
\f1 \

\f0 	figure out how to film screem
\f1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720

\f0\b \cf0 Slides:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 Screenshot of mobile cnn.com on different days
\f1 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720

\f0\b \cf0 Notes For Paper
\f1\b0 \
\

\f0\b Strengths:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720

\f2 \cf0 Mobile doesn\'92t have to compute FPs \'96 limited computational capacity \'96 tradeoff
\f1 \

\f2 Doesn\'92t affect browser functionality and independent of web browser and web server.
\f1 \

\f2 What we need: a control simulator.
\f1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 of two options, source versus target reduplication, we decided on target reduplication:\
1. computationally heavy load on mobile phone
\f1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720
\cf0 \

\f0\b Weaknesses
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 - Ensuring freshness
\f1 \

\f0 - serve correct HTTP alternates
\f1 \

\f0 - objects that should not be cached
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720

\f2 \cf0 overlap inbetween different chunks.
\f1 \

\f2 we don\'92t do a \'93check\'94 for freshness.
\f1 \

\f2 Assumptions decreasing performance: expiration, Most recently used.
\f1 \

\f2 -are we caching compressed data?
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The most intelligent (but CPU intensive) method to chunking is generally considered to be sliding-block. In sliding block, a window is passed along the file stream to seek out more naturally occurring internal file boundaries.\
 1. First, data deduplication requires overhead to discover and remove the duplicate data. In primary storage systems, this overhead may impact performance.\
2. integrity of data - collision
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720
\cf0 \

\f0\b Assumptions
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 - mobile calculating fingerprints
\f1 \

\f0 - expiration
\f1 \

\f0 - cache - use of hashtable accurate?
\f1 \

\f0 - cache size
\f1 \

\f0 - chunking headers
\f1 \

\f0 - cacheability
\f1 \

\f0 - proxy should check its cache for "freshness" first.
\f1 \

\f0 - how are we dealing with headers? 
\f4 \uc0\u8594 
\f0  Proxy disregards headers, but only handles response 200 and 40X responses which return proper html content.
\f1 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720

\f0\b \cf0 Future Work
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 - Better caching (take expiration into account in proxy cache, more realistic cache data structure, better implementations of eviction algorithms) --> only difference having expiration makes is in the amount of data that is sent between the proxy server and the actual web server.
\f1 \

\f0 - Networked simulator --> take away headers of packets, use real-time http traffic instead of static packet bytes collected from wireshark, can better simulate multiple mobile devices, and do better latency measurements.
\f1 \

\f0 - Actual implementation of this system: using publicly available server, reconstruct chunked data to actual browser-readable data and/or store it in mobile phone's web cache.
\f1 \

\f0 - Look at mobile app http traffic besides browsing http traffic.\
- not just browser but also APPS!\
- delta encoding\
-future work: effects on latency: getting from proxy will be faster
\f1 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720

\f0\b \cf0 Related Work
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 http://www.owlnet.rice.edu/~zw3/files/RICE/MobileBrowser/s3-wang.pdf
\f1 \

\f0 https://web.eecs.umich.edu/~zmao/Papers/caching_mobisys2012.pdf
\f1 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720

\f0\b \cf0 Extra
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 Ensuring freshness.
\f1 \

\f0 Proxy should check if the entry in its cache is fresh enough. 
\f1 \

\f0 	- expires or max-age header
\f1 \

\f0 	- last-modified/date header
\f1 \

\f0 	- checking absolute freshness limit
\f1 \

\f0 	- cache.config
\f1 \

\f0 - can modify aging factor for freshness computations
\f1 \

\f0 - can set absolute freshness limits
\f1 \

\f0 - can specify to cache only during header matches
\f1 \

\f0 Cache Control Headers:
\f1 \

\f0 - no-cache header, max-age header, min-fresh header, max-slate header
\f1 \
\
\
}